WIP: Develop (#93)
DX-DeveloperExperience/git-webhooks: docs/README.md

This [NestJs](https://docs.nestjs.com/) API expose a set of customizable Rules to automate your project's life cycle.

Keywords : [#NestJs](), [#NodeJs](), [#TypeScript](), [#Docker](), [#Webhooks](), [#FaaS](), [#Github](), [#GitLab](), [#CI](), [#Open-Source]()...

## Prerequisite

This API is available for [Github](https://github.com) and [Gitlab](https://about.gitlab.com/) repositories.

> Others Git version control system will may be available in the future. Do not hesitate to ask for one of them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other Git version control systems will may be available in the future. Do not hesitate to ask for one of them.
```
